youtube is not the problem i am the
problem i
am the problem for me um
one of the things that give me happiness
is what i call enlightenment anna let me
ask it first in the form of a question
what are the different
forms of happiness or enjoyment
[Music]
that you have in life uh and then we'll
talk about how to
you know put them in buckets or
categories that is quite a question jank
i mean it is but that's what you got to
think it through because like i talked
about in the beginning it's not just
simple hedonism
okay otherwise we'd all be doing math 24
7 until our teeth fell out
right this is good for when i'm i'm
going to use the phone to make a phone
call and i also wear this when i'm
driving in the car
it is translucent it is see-through i
personally
wear this when i drive in the car and my
headache goes away
[Music]
that's a topic for a video